Sit tight.
I almost wet my pants!
Goodness!
The entrance is so narrow.
I thought we were going to hit the wall.
I was scared to death.
The Eagle is amazing!
You said
when we entered the Mound,
your Mark throbbed painfully.
That's right.
Right here.
It's a little embarrassing.
I can't show you.
I guess
your Lord has sensed that you're in danger.
He's probably worried about you.
But I've sensed nothing from him.
If you want to sense him,
I can teach you.
I'm listening.
You can
use your Mark to generate the Power,
and have it pass through your route of power flow.
Lords and…
Lords and disciples share the same route.
You just need more practice.
Watch and learn.
What's wrong?
I sensed a disturbing power.
Feng Hun may be in danger.
I must find the Halidom soon,
so that we can leave.
I'm here.
What are you waiting for?
Fine.
Release your Beasts.
Let's have a fight!
Since it's inevitable,
I'll grant your wish.
That's more like it.
I'm excited.
You tricked me!
Ever since Lotus and I
have become the Disciple and Lord,
we've been focusing on training
and protecting the Beasts.
The Red Order is unreasonable.
I know
you don't care,
and you won't question it.
Although our fight is inevitable,
I won't drag the Beasts into this.
They've been dispelled.
I can't care less
about the content
in the Red Order.
I meant to battle with you.
What a shame
that you wouldn't cooperate.
Then I'll enjoy
the fun myself.
I'm disappointed.
What about the other knee?
If you're down on both knees,
I might help save your disciple.
Ice Fang seems to like you.
Really?
That's probably because of my scent.
I'm a natural Beast trainer.
Whenever Feng Hun is free,
we'll go to the Abyssal Valley to practice.
That place has the most Beasts.
Gradually,
I've become friends with them.
Your lord treats you so well.
How I wish
my lord could be as good as yours!
Every time I make mistakes,
I have to spit ice chippings out.
Ice chippings?
But…
I've been speaking ill of him
ever since we entered here,
yet he hasn't punished me.
That's strange.
I've never heard of
such a strange punishment.
You haven't?
I assumed water-origin Lords
would all punish their disciples like this.
Of course not.
Some Lords don't even know each other.
A few of them haven't even met my lord.
So all the powerful Halidoms are here, right?
What a grand gate!
This is just a tip of the iceberg.
We haven't reached the center.
Not yet?
Are you ready?
No need to ask me.
I got here on accident, anyway.
Are you OK?
I'm fine.
Are you hurt?
Don't worry.
I can handle it.
Save your energy.
If you're willing to
release the Beasts to fight me,
I'll be easy on you.
Forget about it!
I'll ask you one last time.
Release your Beasts!
Honestly,
you aren't my match.
I've wasted too much time on you.
So now…
Are you scared?
Of course not.
My power is weak.
If I'm as powerful as you,
nothing will scare me.
I can't even make an ice stick.
What's wrong?
The Mark is buzzing more and more sharply.
Feng Hun,
what's happening to you?
Give up.
Here it is,
Feng Hun's secret protector.
Feng Hun,
are you alright?
You must hang in there!
How about we take a rest?
No need.
Lords and Disciples live and die together.
When Lords are weak,
the Disciples will be weakened, too.
Only by sealing the Mark,
will our connection be cut off.
Seal the Mark?
Lords can choose to
cut off the connection,
but Disciples can't.
Unless,
unless they use Dark Magic.
Generally speaking,
Dark Magic
will hurt Disciples tremendously.
I learnt it behind Feng Hun's back.
I hope I can help him
whenever he needs me.
Feng Hun.
I'm too weak
to even make ice spears.
Who attacked me
with that mysterious power?
You're awake.
I'm sorry.
It's all my fault.
No need to apologize.
It's my honor to hold hands
with such a pretty girl.
We should get out of here.
OK.
You disgusting Beasts!
Hadn't I been injured,
you wouldn't have gone near me.
Shen Yin,
show yourself now!
Who opened this gate?
Kynil?
Magnificent!
Let me collect my Resurgence Chain first,
then I'll find you a powerful Halidom.
On my way here,
the power of the Beasts has been increasing.
I'm afraid
I'll soon be
no match of them.
Specter is here.
Why is his power so weak?
Kill Specter.
This is the best chance.
Specter must die!
Kill him!
Kill Specter!
Lord VII, Yin Chen?
And you're…
Lord V, Feng Hun.
You know me?
I'm waiting for you.
Why?
You're waiting for your disciple,
who's in the Mound, right?
How do you know?
My disciple Lotus
is also in the Mound.
She's there to collect her Halidom,
the Resurgence Chain.
The Resurgence Chain?
That should belong to Kynil.
That's why I'm here.
More than one Disciples
received the same White Order,
isn't that strange?
Besides,
you must've noticed
I'm severely injured.
That's because my disciple and I
were hunted by Lord of Slaughter.
If he meant to kill you,
how could you still be alive?
I'm afraid
I can't answer you that.
But someone else
in the Abyssal Valley can.
Who?
Come with me,
and you'll know the answer.
Do you dare?
Look, is it over there?
That's it.
So this is the Resurgence Chain.
Stay away from me.
I'm going to put it
in my body.
During this process,
do not touch me!
Stop it!
Rosemary!
What brings you here?
Kynil, stop her right now!
That Chain belongs to me.
It can't be yours.
She was told to come here and collect it.
There must be some mistakes.
The White Order can't be wrong.
You don't believe me?
I didn't mean that.
Just calm down first.
It's dangerous to interrupt her now.
Feng Hun,
you tamed the Silver Dragon!
It's dangerous for you
to tame it yourself.
I…
meant to find the Beast suitable for you.
Thank you, Lotus.
Lotus?
Yeah?
What's wrong?
I made you a talisman.
So did I.
I made one for you, too.
This is Dragon's tooth.
Dragons are ferocious,
and their teeth
are strong and sharp.
Be careful!
Catch me!
Bring it with you at all times.
I have Dragon's tooth!
It'll protect you.
I won't lose it.
You're still worried about her?
You should worry about your lord.
My lord?
Is he OK?
In order to save you,
he entered the Mound,
but got severely injured.
He's at death's door.
Impossible!
You're lying.
Am I?
From now on,
I'll be your mentor.
Where did you get it?
What happened to Yin Chen?
Now you believe me?
If you go save him now,
he may be able to live.
Any more delays,
it might be too late.
He's so gullible.
What a bonehead!
Wait…
Yin Chen's been to the Mound,
so he wouldn't be able to reenter.
Rosemary lied to me.
Oh no,
Lotus is in danger.
Lotus,
are you OK?
How did you
make that big thing covering you?
Looks awesome!
Can you teach me?
Did you use Magic?
If I can do that,
I won't be bullied again.
That's not Magic.
It's my talisman.
Feng Hun gave it to me
to protect me in the Mound.
That Chain isn't yours.
It should be mine!
Give it back!
That's ridiculous!
She's already put it in her body.
How come it's yours?
Can you prove it?
If I can't have it,
neither can she!
Since that Chain is in your body,
then you must die with it.
Stop, stop.
Fight no more.
What do you say?
I'll kill you!
Enough!
Don't you know
it's better to make friends
than enemies?
Who are you to lecture me?
I don't know
why you said the Chain was yours,
but
it belongs to me now.
All Lords and Disciples
can only enter the Mound once.
You'd better
not waste time on things
that don't belong to you.
You can find a better one.
Look around,
there are plenty of powerful Halidoms.
Let's go find one for you.
The clock is ticking.
Wait.
Rosemary,
Lotus never lies.
There must be some misunderstandings.
How about we go somewhere with the Golden Fog
to heal your wound first?
Level VI,
the…
the Immortal Talent.
The Immortal Talent?
That means…
her wound can be healed instantly?
Unbelievable!
What about you?
What's your talent?
Me?
My talent is…
irresistible charm.
Lotus,
do you know what my talent is?
Lord VII has always been mysterious.
Nobody knows his talent.
I bet you have no talent at all.
Don't you know I was testing you?
Since neither of you know,
I'm relieved.
You…
Don't ask.
I won't tell you, anyway.
You'll be intimidated by my talent.
Really?
Then why did Yin Chen beg for my help?
Besides, he has a message for you.
He begged you?
What message?
There are two portals
in the Mound.
One leads to death,
and the other
can take you out of the Mound.
You're lying to me again.
I told you out of kindness.
Believe it or not,
it's up to you.
Well,
just so you know,
your lord kneeled in front of me
in exchange for my help.
What did you say?
He did what?
You heard me.
Why are you so angry?
He kneeled willingly.
I didn't force him.
It's not my fault
that he's spineless.
Shut up!
He did that because of you.
If you hadn't entered the Mound,
nothing would've happened.
I've said enough.
It's your choice
whether to believe me or not.
Yin Chen,
I'm so sorry.
It's all my fault.
I made a mistake.
I'm sorry.
Enough of the argument.
Go find yourselves Halidoms.
We're running out of time.
Specter, it's me.
Come here.
Your arm…
Listen,
I need your power.
Is that…
Is that your Halidom?
Correct.
That's the Mirror of the Dead.
When battling with your enemies,
they'll only see
their own reflections in the Mirror.
As long as your power is running,
the Mirror will generate
countless reflections.
In a word,
the enemies will be fighting against themselves
till they're exhausted to death.
Precisely.
You know what was your bracelet made of?
The gems from the Mirror.
That's why we're connected.
Right now,
I can't let you die.
Take me to the Golden Lake.
I have to grow my arm back.
You can do whatever you want
after I arrive there safely.
You're going to the end of the Abyssal Valley?
Impossible!
I can't make it.
I don't have enough Power.
I know that of course.
Take the Mirror.
Lead the way.